run,to move quickly
snooze,to put to sleep temporarily
terminal, A terminal is an electronic communication hardware device that handles the input and display of data
Terabyte,A terabyte is a unit of digital information storage used to denote the size of data. It is equivalent to 1,000 gigabytes, or 1,000,000,000,000 bytes, using the SI standard.
Tablet,Tablets are built with wireless Internet or local area networks (LAN) and a variety of software applications, including business applications, Web browsers and games.
Thumbing,Thumbing refers to a method of typing that employs only thumbs. Thumbing is used on a handheld device with a built-in keyboard that is too small to type with all fingers.
Torrent,A torrent is a file type used by BitTorrent file-sharing protocol. It authorizes and points to a remote server that contains the location of different remote hosts with an instance or part of the file to be shared or downloaded.
Transduver,A transducer is a device that transforms a signal from one energy form to another energy form.
Turtling,Turtling is a gaming strategy where the player focuses on building up his defenses rather than going on the attack.
Tweening,Inbetweening is the process of creating transitional frames between two separate objects in order to show the appearance of movement and evolution of the first object into the second object.
Twishing,Twishing is a form of phishing that is perpetrated through the social network Twitter. Phishing denotes an attempt to obtain personal information so as to steal another user's identity. Twishing comes in the form of a brief Twitter message directing the user to a website that might spark their curiosity. Once the user logs on to the fraudulent site, the attacker can obtain personal information and use it to steal the user’s identity.
Toolbar,A toolbar is a vertical or horizontal row of clickable icons that perform specific operating system or application functions.
Transistor,A transistor is a semiconductor device that exhibits all the properties of a switch, allowing or blocking the flow of electrons
Thrashing,Thrashing in computing is an issue caused when virtual memory is in use. It occurs when the virtual memory of a computer is rapidly exchanging data for data on hard disk, to the exclusion of most application-level processing. As the main memory gets filled, additional pages need to be swapped in and out of virtual memory. The swapping causes a very high rate of hard disk access. Thrashing can continue for a long duration until the underlying issue is addressed. Thrashing can potentially result in total collapse of the hard drive of the computer.
Texel,A texture element (texel) is the basic unit of texture space that is used in computer graphics. An array of texels make up a texture, lust like a picture is made up of an array of pixels. But there is a difference between texel and pixel when talking about 3-D graphics and most parts of a 3-D rendition.
Telepresence,Telepresence refers to technologies that allow a user appear to be present, feel like they are present or have some effect in a space the person does not physically inhabit.
Technocracy,Technocracy is an ideology that models government in such a way that emphasizes technical skill and efficiency. In theory, technocracy is pragmatist before it is populist. Ideally, technocratic leadership is assigned based on merit, rather than influence or inheritance. Technocracy is naturally not conducive to career politicians, instead favoring government leaders who specialize in other relevant trades and industries than politics and government.
Ternary,Ternary is a term for base-three arithmetic. A ternary number system can contain a total of three digits, such as 0, 1 and 2 (as opposed to something like binary code, which is often expressed through ones and zeros). Base-three number systems have many different applications, particularly in computer science and programming.
Thumbnail,A thumbnail is a reduced-size representation of a picture, which often has a hyperlink to the full version. They are usually kept as separate copies of the original image and implemented on a separate Web page.
Thunk,A thunk, in a general computing context, is a piece of low-level machine generated code that implements the details of a software system.
Tizen,Tizen is an operating system based on Linux, the development of which is overseen by the Technical Steering Group organization which is comprised of Intel and Samsung. The sole focus of Tizen is to provide consistent user experience across devices.
Timestamp,A timestamp is temporal information regarding an event that is recorded by the computer and then stored as a log or metadata. Any event or activity could have a timestamp recorded, depending on the needs of the user or the capabilities of the process creating the timestamp.
Toroit,A toroid is a doughnut-shaped object with a coil wound around it that is used as an inductor in electronic devices. The shape is described in mathematics as an object or surface generated by revolving a closed plane around an external axis that is parallel to it so it does not intersect; the resulting shape is doughnut-like, and the referred axis is at the very center of the open space.
Transcoding,Transcoding is the process of converting a file from one encoding format to another. This allows the conversion of incompatible data to a better-supported, more modern form of data.
Traceroute,Traceroute is a network diagnostic tool used to track the pathway taken by a packet on an IP network from source to destination. Traceroute also records the time taken for each hop the packet makes during its route to the destination.
Trackpad,A trackpad is an input pointing device that has a specialized flat surface capable of detecting finger contact. The surface is capable of translating the position and motion of the user’s finger to a relative position on the screen of the device. 
Transient,In general, transient refers to something that is not permanent. In electronics, transient refers to an unexpected increase in the current or voltage.
Transmission, A transmission is any information sent over a communications line.
Trending,On the social networking site Twitter, trending topics is a list of the top keywords phrases or hashtags currently being discussed on the platform Trending topics come about either by users making an effort or naturally from significant world events These trends are a powerful way to see what is being discussed worldwide or in your area
Truncate,Sometimes referred to as prune or trim truncate is shortening information by removing data at the end Truncation may be deliberate or accidental
Troubleshoot,To troubleshoot is solving a problem or determining a problem to an issue Troubleshooting often involves the process of elimination where a technician follows a set of steps to determine the problem or resolve the problem
Tuneup,For a computer a tuneup refers to improving the performance of the computer by way of several processes These processes can include the removal of temp files uninstalling computer programs fixing computer errors and cleaning up the registry

